INSTRUCTIONS TO AUTHORS
PAPER PROCEEDINGS WWW9 CONFERENCE

1. Please submit a Postscript or PDF file of the entire paper (including
figures, etc.) together with the source files used to produce the
Postscript/PDF file. If your paper is written in LaTeX or MSWord, please
submit these files too. Please note that all figures should be supplied
as separate files to get the best results in final print, i.e. do not
supply embedded figures. Figures should preferably be supplied at a
resolution of 600 dpi or higher.

2. Please insert the names and (full) addresses of all authors on top of
the paper.

3. An abstract is obligatory; please insert it directly after the author
addresses.

4. The Proceedings will contain a Subject Index based on the keywords
given by the authors. Please insert them (max. 5), preceded by the word
"Keywords", just below the abstract.

5. Please provide (short) biographies and passport-sized photographs of
all co-authors. The biographies should be inserted at the end of the
text file after the References section under the heading "Vitae", in the
same the order as on the opening page. If the electronic versions of the
photographs are not available, hard copy photographs should be forwarded
to J. Kastelein, Elsevier Science B.V., P.O. Box 2759, 1000 CT
Amsterdam, Netherlands. In case the biographies and/or photographs fail
at the date of submission of the final version, your paper will be
published without.

6. In the paper Proceedings all figures will be reproduced in
greyscale. So if some figures in your paper contain colors, please keep
this in mind. Selection of other colors might improve contrast.

7. Sections, subsections etc. should be numbered.

8. Figures/tables should to be numbered and have a caption. They should
be cited in the text at least once.

9. All references cited in the text should be listed in the References
section. All references listed in the References section should be cited
at least once in the text. Citing in de abstract should be avoided. The
references should be numbered and listed in alphabetical order, as in
the following examples: books [1], articles in journals [2], papers in a
contributed volume [3,4], unpublished papers [5]:

* [1] E. Borger, Computability, Complexity, Logic, North-Holland, Amsterdam, 1989. 

* [2] D.E. Knuth, Theory and practice, Theoret. Comput. Sci.90 (1991) 1-15.

* [3] A.K. Lenstra, H.W. Lenstra, Jr., Algorithms in number theory, in:
  J. van Leeuwen, (Ed.), Handbook of Computer Science, vol. A, Elsevier,
  Amsterdam, 1990, pp. 673-715.

* [4] M. Li, Lower bounds by Kolmogorov complexity, in: Proc. ICALP '85,
  Lecture Notes in Computer Science, vol. 194, Springer, Berlin, 1985
  pp. 383-393.

* [5] A. Rajasekar, Semantics for logic programs, Ph.D. Thesis,
  Department of Computer Science, University of Maryland, 1989.

10. Files (text, figures, photographs) should have names of max. 8
characters and one extension. This will ease the further processing of
your paper and is less error prone.

